{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh10580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 === Plugin Name ===\
Contributors: Cameron Haddock \
Donate link: http://sortingoptions.com/\
Tags: custom order, custom ordering, custom sort, custom sorting, order, ordering, page, pages, position, Post, posts, sort, sorting\
Requires at least: 3.5.0 or higher \
Tested up to: 4.0.1\
Stable tag: 1.01\
License: GPLv2 or later\
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html\
\
== Description ==\
\
Sorting Options can sort through your posts by oldest, title a to z, title z to a, most recent, and most commented. Populate a button on the front-end where your visitor can sort through your posts. On the back-end plugin dashboard select the posts that will populate by default on the archive pages where your function is embedded. This will override the most recent posts that appear by default on WordPress. A PRO version is coming soon. In this version, you will have more sorting options such as free and paid posts based on a shortcode. \
\
Documentation \
\
Please check out http://sortingoptions.com. Here you will find documentation for Sorting Options and the PRO version when released. If you can\'92t locate any topics that pertain to your particular issue, post a new topic for it. If you were unable to find the answer to your question in any of the documentation, you should check the support forum {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/sorting-options"}}{\fldrslt https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/sorting-options}} on Wordpress.org. \
\
== Installation ==\
\
This section describes how to install the plugin and get it working.\
\
1. Upload \'91sorting-options\'92 to the \'91wp-content/plugins\'92 directory\
2. Activate the plugin through the \'91Plugins\'92 menu in WordPress\
3. Place \'91<?php if ( function_exists( \'91user_sortby_options_dropdown\'92 ) ) \{ user_sortby_options_dropdown(); \} ?>\'92 in your templates \
\
== Frequently Asked Questions ==\
\
= What is Sorting Options? =\
\
Sorting Options is a premium WordPress plugin which allows the back-end user and the front-end user to change posts on the archive pages according to their sorting preferences. \
\
== Changelog ==\
\
= 1.01 = \
\
removed an add_filter() function \
corrected back-end dashboard icon path \
\
= 1.0 =\
* Initial Release \
\
== Documentation ==\
\
You can find documentation at http://sortingoptions.com/documentation/ and more detailed information about Sorting Options on http://sortingoptions.com/ If you can\'92t locate any topics that pertain to your particular issue, post a new topic for it}